So I'm not super into the these two shots, they don't really cut together too well for me.
And that's part of, you know, the rough edit phase is the shots that you pull in your Selex and you
think you're going to make it into the final edit.
You don't want to get too attached.
You want to definitely keep an open mind on what's working and what's not working.
Not what you thought was going to work when you started the edit, because where the edits started compared
to the final product.
Like I said, is multiple, multiple refinements and changes.
And the more open you are to that, the more you know, the more of a better final product you're going
to have and the more the edit is going to flow.
So I think what I want to do instead is skip forward on this shot.
So we're going to make a cut.
And right here we want to skip forward.
So, OK, right here on this beat, we want to go to our final closing shot.
So let's bring this shot over.
I have a feeling we're going to also do some time remapping because we like this intro and then the
ending of the song of this song.
We like the beginning of this shot.
And then the middle is not super necessary, but the ending is pretty cool.
So it's right click to clip time, remapping, click speed.
So right on that snare.
So I'm going to put a marker where I want the timing mapping to start.
And I'm going to hit up to create the first key frame.
And right around there is when the shot starts to feel like it's in the right place.
So let's create our second keyframe.
Hit the to get back to our arrow tool.
Secuity up to speed up the shot and smooth it out.
And let's see.
Cool, so that looks pretty darn good.
I want that to be faster.
I'm going to also speed up the beginning here because I wanted to feel a little bit quicker.
That's looking pretty good, so let's take a look and see what this whole edit looks like from Monteagle.
So there's a few little things were just off beat.
Real quick, I'm just going to change that over and I don't want to get too far into refining this one
like crazy, because we've got a lot of other edits to get to.
But this is feeling really good as a rough edit.
And I think we're ready to go on to the more stylizing process of doing some color changes and seeing
what else we can do to kind of hype up the edit.
So I will see you in the next lecture.